Instructions for creating movies of WormGUIDES in Unity:

1. With Unity open, enter play mode. Because the model is built
	at runtime, we have to create the animations in play mode
2. Navitage to the Model_Animation package 
	(Assets/wormguides/controllers/Model_Animation)
3. Double click Model_Animator.controller to bring up
	the Animator window. Make sure that 'Flythrough_Movie'
	is connected to 'Entry' by an arrow. If it is not, drag
	'Flythrough_Movie' over 'Entry' to assign it (this connects
	the movie with the controller)
4. Open Window->Animation to bring up the Animation window
5. Now we need to assign the controller to the scene camera so
	that we can control the camera for the animation. In the
	project window, click the Model_Animator, drag it to the
	scene hierarchy panel, hover it over the 'PerspectiveCam'
	and release.
6. The previously made animation will likely start to play in
	the 3D window. To gain control of the animation, click the
	'PerspectiveCam' in the scene hierarchy and then go to the 
	'Animation' window. Now the controls in the 'Animation' window
	will control the behavior in the 3D window

Unity Animations work by setting a series of camera locations that
the camera then smoothly moves through during play. Below are the
instructions for adding and editing these custom locations.

0a. Make sure that you are in the 'Scene' window and not the 'Game'
	window as this is where edits are made. In the 'Scene' window,
	the camera preview window will provide a preview of what the
	'Game' window looks like i.e. what the animation will look like
0b. To add locations, you must be in record mode. In the 'Animation'
	window, click the red record button to start record mode

To ROTATE the camera: Hold RIGHT CLICK and move the mouse
To TRANSLATE the camera position: Hold SCROLL and and move the mouse
	Also available: to translate in a straight line, you can use scroll
	forward and backward

To ADD A CAMERA LOCATION to the animation:
1. In the 'Animation' window, move the time bar (white, vertical bar),
	to the location in the animation where this camera location belongs.
	Typically, this will be to the right of all previous locations i.e.
	appending to the end of the current animation.
2. Move your camera to the desired position in the scene (using the
	controls above). Make sure that 'PerspectiveCam' is still the 
	selected item in the scene hierarcy.
3. Press Ctrl+Shift+F to create a location. In the 'Animation' window,
	this will create 3 vertical diamonds (or 5 if position and
	rotation are expanded) that correspond to this stop. You can move
	all them forward or backward in time to control the speed of trans-
	lation between the previous location and this location. 


To RECORD a Unity animation:
	A screen capture software is necessary to save the animation as
	the Unity version we are currently using does not support the assets
	which achieve this task. A good free screen capture software is
	OBS studio.

	To save the animation, drag the 'Animation' to one of your two
	screens and maximize the 'Game' window on your other screen. Use
	OBS Studio (or other screen capture software of your choice) to 




Quick Guide:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmQWh8bBAm0